# Classification-of-Ownership-Interests-of-Physicians-Using-Machine-Learning-Models(ongoing)
The data is about licensed physicians in the United States, as well as payments or other transfers of value that they have received from pharmaceutical companies. These payments have been reported to government agencies according to regulatory requirements. This is real-world data, but we have made some modifications to tune the skill level and hardware requirements to the student project. Transactions include things like speaker- or consulting fees, training seminars (e.g. learning to use a medical device), conference travel, food and beverages at business meetings, etc. They may also include payments that are made in connection to some ownership interest that the physician may hold in the pharmaceutical company, e.g. dividend payouts, payments in the form of stock or stock options, etc. We are given 1 400 000 instances of transactions which have been received by 6000 physicians in the years 2013 to 2019 (transactions.csv), as well as additional data about these doctors (physicians.csv) and companies (companies.csv). For 5000 of these doctors, transactions related to ownership interest (if any) are included, for the other 1000 (the test set), these kinds of transactions have been removed from the transaction data. For each of these 1000 physicians, my model must make a prediction about whether they have had such ownership interests (prediction=1) or not (prediction=0).

Definition of Ownership Interest
‘Ownership interest’ in the context of this challenge is defined as follows: A physician has an ownership interest if he or she has received one or more transactions from a pharmaceutical company in the relevant time frame which has been reported to the government as being related to an ownership interest. In the training data, such transactions are marked by the corresponding indicator variable `ownership_indicator`, but for the 1000 doctors in the test set, these transactions will not appear in your training data.

Evaluation
Based on the performance measure of balanced accuracy – the arithmetic mean of Sensitivity and Specificity.
